#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
--no-binary psycopg2

arrow==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
asn1crypto==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
astroid==2.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   delorean
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via exchangelib
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cryptography
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==39.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   social-auth-core
daemonize==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
database-sanitizer==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-sanitized-dump
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
    #   python3-openid
    #   social-auth-core
delorean==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.28
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-admin-json-editor
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-guardian
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-jinja
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-mptt
    #   django-multi-email-field
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-reversion
    #   django-solo
    #   django-taggit
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-yasg
    #   easy-thumbnails
django-admin-json-editor==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-allauth==0.44.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-anymail==8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-image-cropping
django-cors-headers==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-enumfields==2.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-grappelli==2.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-guardian==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.5.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-hstore==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-image-cropping==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jinja==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-mptt
django-modeltranslation==0.17.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-mptt==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
django-multi-email-field==0.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-munigeo==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
django-reversion==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-sanitized-dump==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-solo==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-taggit==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.12.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   drf-yasg
djangorestframework-jwt==1.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
dnspython==2.1.0
    # via exchangelib
drf-oidc-auth==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
easy-thumbnails==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
exchangelib==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
factory-boy==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   factory-boy
flake8==3.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
freezegun==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwkest
humanize==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   delorean
icalendar==4.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
iso8601==0.1.14
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.0
    # via exchangelib
isort==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via requests-cache
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreschema
    #   django-jinja
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   swagger-spec-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
    #   python-docx
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
    #   pylint
more-itertools==8.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ntlm-auth==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-ntlm
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
    #   pytest
pbr==5.8.0
    # via tendo
phonenumbers==8.12.22
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   easy-thumbnails
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
psycopg2==2.8.6
    # via -r requirements.in
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pycountry==22.3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyjwkest
pyflakes==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flake8
pygments==2.9.0
    # via exchangelib
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-oidc-auth
pyjwt[crypto]==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   djangorestframework-jwt
    #   social-auth-core
pylint==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint-django
    #   pylint-plugin-utils
pylint-django==2.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pylint-plugin-utils==0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pylint-django
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-django==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   arrow
    #   delorean
    #   faker
    #   freezegun
    #   icalendar
python-docx==0.8.10
    # via -r requirements.in
python-jose==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-helusers
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   social-auth-core
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   delorean
    #   django
    #   icalendar
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   database-sanitizer
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-sanitized-dump
    #   swagger-spec-validator
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo
    #   exchangelib
    #   pyjwkest
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   social-auth-core
requests-cache==0.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-munigeo
requests-ntlm==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   exchangelib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-allauth
    #   exchangelib
    #   social-auth-core
rsa==4.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-jose
ruamel-yaml==0.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentry-sdk==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   database-sanitizer
    #   django-modeltranslation
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-sanitized-dump
    #   ecdsa
    #   jsonschema
    #   pyjwkest
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-jose
    #   social-auth-app-django
    #   social-auth-core
    #   swagger-spec-validator
    #   tendo
social-auth-app-django==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
social-auth-core==4.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   social-auth-app-django
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django
swagger-spec-validator==2.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tendo==0.2.15
    # via -r requirements.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   faker
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
typed-ast==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tzdata==2021.1
    # via exchangelib
tzlocal==2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   delorean
    #   exchangelib
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   astroid
xlsxwriter==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
